doc: add note about the interaction of SSH and credentials (#16889)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/campaigns/references/requirements.md

* GitLab 12.7 and later (burndown charts are only supported with 13.2 and later)
* Bitbucket Server 5.7 and later

> >NOTE: If your code host [is configured to use SSH to clone repositories using the `gitURLType` setting](../../admin/repo/auth.md), then only site admins can create campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: If your code host [is configured to use SSH to clone repositories using the `gitURLType` setting](../../admin/repo/auth.md), then only site admins can create campaigns right now.
```

Maybe adding some hope that it'll be fixed ultimately? 😬

Author: @rrhyne Any thoughts on framing here?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>NOTE: Currently, in code hosts configured [to use SSH to clone repositories via the `gitURLType` setting](../../admin/repo/auth.md), only site admins will be able to publish changesets. 
```

> >NOTE: If your code host [is configured to use SSH to clone repositories using the `gitURLType` setting](../../admin/repo/auth.md), then only site admins can create campaigns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>NOTE: Currently, in code hosts configured [to use SSH to clone repositories via the `gitURLType` setting](../../admin/repo/auth.md), only site admins will be able to publish changesets. 
```
